# Contact-Service-
#Summary and Reflection Report
	I ensured that I followed each requirement as stated by the client. To ensure that each requirement was being met I listed each requirement and commented them into the code and its respective functions. An example would be in the Task.java, see Figure 1 for more details; one of the many requirements was ensuring that the ID—string data type—couldn’t be longer than 10 characters or be null. I implemented an “IllegalArgumentException” to be thrown in case that the ID was null or over 10 characters. I applied this technique to most of the requirements. Additionally, I mostly used only two methods within the JUnit, which was the assertThrows, and assertTrue. These were all that was required for meeting the clients’ requirements.
	The JUnit test was assessed to ensure that it met the requirements and to make certain that the written JUnit was working as intended; see Figure 2 for more details on the JUnit test implementation of the ID property of the Task Object. Each segment in the JUnit tests each requirement individually. This allowed me to easily test and tweak each requirement, guaranteeing they would be working and meet the requested conditions.
	To ensure that my code was efficient and technically sound I preplanned ahead of time. Writing everything down, and following the requirements laid out by the clients and the java styling guide. This allowed me to focus on the quality and the efficiency of the code I was writing. A good example is shown in Figure 3, were I used docstrings to label classes, and functions; This gave better readability, which allows the next developer to understand the code quickly and better. A good example of the efficiency is shown in Figure 3. The constructor is clear and concise. No additional clutters or continual loops that could affect the efficiency. 
	I used the JUnit framework for my testing on these assignments. This open-source framework provides advanced level tools for comprehensively testing code. Figure 2 shows the use of an Assertion object in JUnit. This Assertion object is according to the JUnit documentation, “Assertions is a collection of utility methods that support asserting conditions in tests.” (JUnit Documentation, 2017) From this class we use a utility method called assertThrows. This allowed me to run a small section of code and check to see if the passed expected exception was thrown during the execution of the code; In this case it was true.
	The main tool that I didn’t use for testing was the debugger. The debugger is great for taking all the abstract code and provide some context. For small level prototyping the debugger is great. However, I noticed that using the debugging technique I would tweak the code until the code gave me the expected answer. This has show to be to unreliable, especially for production level quality of code. Another tool that I normally use is a flowchart of the code. I wanted to experiment on the determent of not using a flowchart to better be prepared for the assignment. I especially for a bigger code install that a flowchart is vital as an additionally tool on the software engineer’s belt.
	I knew from the start that I needed to adopt a professional software development mindset. Since that is the expected mindset that any aspiring software developer would need to have. I limited my bias by asking my uncle, who is a software engineer, for constructive criticism. Being older than most of my fellow classmates I learned that to be great, you must first understand your limitations and weakness. My experience serving has afforded me the opportunity to meet and surround myself with many extraordinary people. These people inspired me to be the best at what I wanted to do. During this week’s discussion, I read a few cases on how cutting corners in the software industry can cost people and their family unimaginable grief. As for me fellow peers, I’ll always have an open-ended mind so that information can be exchanged appropriately, and intelligent discussions and research will make me and my fellow peers more educated on our subject matter. 
